these are Apple's airpods 4 and these
far exceed my expectations because
they're able to pull off pretty good
active noise cancellation without any
kind of Rubber seal or anything these
are just uh just hard plastic ear tips
that fit very comfortably and they're
just not what you would expect a typical
ANC equipped earbud to be like now I'm
going to do a kind of quick review of
them as well as compare them to the
readily available airpods or Apple Air
airpods on the market so we have the uh
airpods 2 the airpods 3 this is the new
airpods 4 and I'm also going to compare
to the the best version of Apple's
airpods the airpods Pro 2 so the airpods
4 there's three kind of features that I
think are noteworthy right now so first
is that there is an ANC option now you
have the option to buy a airpod 4 with
active noise cancellation second there's
the presence of the H2 chip this time so
this helps with that an ANC but also
helps with audio and gives special kind
of apple features but the third and
arguably the most important feature is
that they have a new shape to the
airpods 4 that I think massively changes
the way that this product is let's start
off with a conversation around how these
fit so this was the fit of airpods 1 and
two it's kind of like the OG Q-tip style
longer stem and this fit well because
like the tip wasn't very large but the
sound quality wasn't great but then
airpods 3 came out and this was a very
different fit this had a more bulbous
shape and it just it it kind of sticks
out of your ear more and you can feel it
the moment I put airpods 3 on a few
years back I remember thinking this
feels worse like the comfort of this is
noticeably worse than airpods 1 and two
and I think if you look online a lot of
people felt the same way obviously fit
and feel as subjective but airpods 4
because they've changed the shape of
this just enough
it's mostly like the tip and the bulbous
area this fits entirely differently this
I mean it's so much more comfortable the
moment we put this in but this feels
more like airpods 1 and two in terms of
just how easily it inserts into your ear
and also how kind of nicely it just
stays there but it still has all the
improved audio characteristics of a
larger and more bulbous ear tip now I
did think it was interesting that during
Apple's keynote for airpods 4 they were
talking about you know they did all this
laser and 3D imaging to be able to get
this new design and they had to like
scan thousands of ear shapes and at the
time of the presentation I was like how
hard could it possibly be but having
tried this I realized there's a very big
and noticeable difference and just for
clarity sake everything we've seen so
far in terms of the tips are the regular
airpods the pro what has separated them
in the past and even now is the presence
of a Rubber seal it's like a silicone r
rubber that prevents sound from coming
in as like a passive seal and also it
prevents sound that's produced by the
Bud from leaking out and it just helps
with the audio characteristics that you
get and this is why you get the best
possible sound with their Pro product
the Rubber seal but it is uncomfortable
for some people to use it because it has
to go deeper into your ear canal now
quick note about the charging case this
is a smaller case than the previous
generation it also has USBC charging but
there's a few things that are
interesting so first the light so if you
look kind of like this is uh airpods 3
there's a visible light indicator but
this it's invisible until you actually
turn the light on like when the light is
off yes you can't even see the indicator
at all also if you'll notice the button
that was on the back of the previous
cases it's a buttonless case now and
there's like a touch sensitive area
underneath that button that serves as
kind of input if you need to connect it
manually or reset it uh but there's also
it's a wireless uh charging capable case
but one thing I noticed is that this
does not have magnets or like magave
capabilities you can still charge it
wirelessly but the old one you could
kind of connect it up and if you had
magnets it would hold itself up like if
you had a magnetic mag safe charger same
with airpods pro2 it can
charge magnetically attached but the new
one it'll charge but no magnets uh
there's also a speaker on the cases here
and this allows you to play a chime to
find it if you've lost it all right
let's talk about sound but do keep in
mind that this stuff is very subjective
and also very dependent on the shape of
your ear canal and how these things fit
and whatnot uh but I would say that
airpods 4 sound very good especially for
a device that doesn't have the kind of
rubber or silicone ear tips that go
right into your ear canal and so just a
comparison airpods 3 I would say that
these have like good mids the trouble
was quite good but the base on airpods 3
was just mediocre and in some cases just
not present depending on the track
you're listening to but airpods 4 the
biggest difference that I noticed was in
that base now I'm not sure if it's
because there's new drivers or the fit
is better but immediately just cross
comparison the Bas is way more present
on airpods 4 now I don't have great
tools to measure their frequency
response I'm just using a calibr um mic
in Rue so I don't know if I'd even
classify these as measurements but this
is how airpods 4 Stacks up against some
of the current Apple airpod products so
it's a noticeable step up from airpods 3
but obviously not as good as the airpods
Pro 2 especially in those lower
frequencies but do keep in mind that the
way that those plots look doesn't always
correlate perfectly to how we perceive
the sound especially on earbuds that
don't have the rubber seals okay let's
talk about ANC the active noise
cancellation because that is I would say
the most impressive impressive thing
about these new buds so during the
presentation or the keynote when they
announced it I was like how good could
it possibly be because most of the noise
cancellation or the active noise
cancellation devices that I've used the
good ones have a Rubber seal it it
serves two purposes one you're blocking
out the sound that's from the outside
right it makes it easier to cancel out
any kind of uh environmental noise that
you don't want but also when you have a
Rubber seal you're able to produce more
like stronger sounding base you're able
to stronger sounding lower frequencies
which is very important when it comes to
actively canceling out sounds right the
buds need to be able to produce a sound
that's loud enough and in the
appropriate frequency to cancel out
whatever sound it is that you're trying
to kill and airpods 4 is so impressive I
think a lot of it comes from the fact
that uh it's just better audio
capabilities than the previous
generation but I think another part of
it is the actual contour and shape of
the tip I think it's doing a really good
job of just like blocking out to the
best of its ability the external sound
despite not having a rubber seals so uh
when you put them in I was very
impressed and it's very difficult to
convey this in a video so this is a
rough approximation of what you'd hear
[Music]
I think lower frequency background
noises like engines and being on a plane
or just Motors rumbling fridges in the
background that stuff gets muted very
nicely on airpods 4 but the higher
frequency stuff like let's say there's
like a bunch of kids and they're
squawking and squealing they're having
fun that has uh that is muted better on
the airpods pro two and I think it's
because of that passive seal it just
does a way better job at killing that
kind of sound uh so I'm impressed and I
think that if you're looking at this
type of product and you've always wanted
an earbud that didn't use a rubber seal
because you just didn't like the kind of
discomfort of those rubber seals or if
you just prefer the hard plastic tip
you'll be pleasantly surprised with this
uh okay the other thing microphone
quality now just a quick test between
all four of
them this is the mic on the iPhone 15
Pro Max now I'm talking over ambient
noise it's supposed to be like a busy
coffee shop and this is what the mic on
the phone itself sounds like this is
audio being recorded on the mic of
airpods 2 now these are an older pair of
earbuds they're from 2019 so like 5 and
a half years old at this point uh they
still work great just the battery life
is short this is a mic from airpods 3
the predecessor and this device still Ed
the H1 chip on the inside but this is
what this sounds like this is a
recording from airpods 4 the new newest
one and it does have that newer H2 chip
in it I imagine it must have better
ability to block out the environmental
sound but we'll see and lastly we have
the mics on airpods Pro too so these
also use the H2 chip but because this is
a more expensive device and these are
like $70 more than airpods 4 I imagine
they have like other things like better
mics so this is what these sound like
the new airpods 4 have Force touch
controls kind of like the airpods Pro 2
but they don't have volume controls on
these I why uh last thing pricing so all
the pricing of this is like I don't
know4 maybe $60 more expensive than
competing products and half of it is
because of the Apple brand name but the
other portion is like it's just the
connectivity this is able to connect
with uh other Apple devices and switch
between Apple devices and even switch
between the different airpods if that's
what you're doing very seamlessly and
it's strange how good it is compared to
every other product on the market but if
you live in that Apple ecosystem system
it's good for that but in terms of just
pricing the truth is there's a ton of
competitive products to this just in
terms of like audio quality andc
capability that is better than Apple's
products uh in terms of like the overall
package though the convenience and all
that stuff these are really good you
just have to pay a little bit more for
them okay there you have it I do think
that it's from perspective of my
personal thing I've always liked the fit
of airpods 2o that's why I still keep
mine I think these fit my ear the best
they don't have the best sound quality
but airpods 4 I would say has like the
sound quality of not quite the pro two
version but it's better than airpods 3
it's like right in between in terms of
sound quality but it has way better fit
and I think like if you're using these
things for extended period of time fit
can make uh it can be very important so
yeah much better fitting and for some
people much better sounding than their
previous products okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video